Translation correction (#359)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_005_choice2.txt

//rそれに、たとえ信用してくれたとしても、彼らにどのような協力を得るつもりなのか。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それに、たとえ信用してくれたとしても、彼らにどのような協力を得るつもりなのか。",
			NULL, "And even if they did believe me, what sort of help could I hope to get from them?", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれがはっきりしない間は、…話したところで意味がないし、無責任だと思う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それがはっきりしない間は、…話したところで意味がないし、無責任だと思う。",

> 			NULL, "So long as that remained unclearr... it felt it would be pointless and irresponsible to tell them.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "So long as that remained unclear... it felt pointless and irresponsible to tell them.", Line_Normal);
```
